Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman.
It's a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number four 90. In
this episode, Scott talks with
Kaia Thomas about computer science
in school versus the real
world. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes, and today
I'm chatting with Kaia Thomas
and she is a junior
at Dartmouth and has an
internship right now. And where
are you interning? I'm interning
at into it right now.
That's very cool. Are you
working on iOS apps? Yes,
I'm working on the mint
app, the financial budgeting planning
app. So you're at an
impressive school and at an
impressive company, but I remember
when I was in school,
I wasn't too impressed with
the kind of programming that
we're doing. It was pretty
theoretical, but again, I was
at a kind of a
community college. Well, Dartmouth is
a top tier school. What
is it like to program
in college and do the
professors like really understand what's
going on in the real
world? It's really different. I,
I really enjoy it. I
think that it's important because
I'm getting the foundation and
without it, I don't think
I would have been able
to transition so easily into
the work world. I think
that studying computer science, it
makes it really easy for
me to learn new languages.
So for me to learn
something new, doesn't take as
long. I think if I
didn't have that kind of
traditional foundation, but I think
the difference is working on
a team in a real
world engineering team, where you
have a cycle of like
a work cycle and you
you're doing, you know, version
control. It's a very different
than in school where you're
taking tests and you do
a onetime project and then
it's done. Right? I think
the, one of the main
difference is the maintenance part,
because when you learn something
in school and you take
a class, the class ends,
right. But when you're in
the real world, you put
out a product, it just
doesn't end. It continues. It's
something that you have to
maintain and keep up with.
And I think that's a
concept that a lot of
students miss. Don't you think
that in school kids could
be taught differently? Like, why
didn't you like welcome to
computer science? One Oh one.
Let's talk about source control.
You know, I remember when
I was, when I was
in school, we just zipped
up our assignments. There's like
chapter one.zip. Yep. Okay. So
it's like that at Dartmouth
too. So I don't feel
so bad. Yeah, no, don't
feel bad at all. So
we, there is some classes
that use version control, but
they only use them for
usually like the later group
projects. And it's usually a
mess. My experience is that
students don't understand version control.
And usually it's a horrible
experience because no one knows
like how to use it.
And everyone's working on the
same thing. So you can
never merge correctly and it
just ends up being a
disaster. So a lot of
the times you do have
to literally zip your files,
send them, put them on
Blackboard or canvas, and it's
very kind of archaic. It
would be great if they
use version control, like right
off the bat. But I
think the problem is with
that is it's overwhelming to
learn version control at the
same time that you're learning
how to just code is
really hard. So I think
that they try, there's like
give and takes. I think
when you at Dartmouth, the
computer science intro class teaches
you a lot of cool
things. You learn how to
use IDs, you learn how
to create games and different
things. And it's, it's a
really kind of good intro
into coding, but I think
there should be something else
that's kind of like real
world. Like, what's it like
to be a real engineer
that would kind of go
into Virgin control and understanding
how to really work on
engineering. So the fact that
you said it was overwhelming
is kind of, is a
reminder too. I think those
of us that are listening,
who've been doing this for
a while, is that there's
a lot of moving parts.
Like there's a bunch of
contexts that we just assume
people have. Like, I just
figured I was like born
knowing how a JPEG worked
or whatever. Right. How much
is that? I guess I
would call it kind of
like ambient knowledge or knowledge
that comes in via osmosis.
Like when I was a
kid like peer like 13,
right? Like I remember messing
around in like ms. Paint
and learning how bitmaps worked
and just like doing a
hex editor and stuff. But
I just was, I didn't
know what I was doing.
I was just poking at
bitmaps. Right. Yeah. But my
13 year old nephew, he
just has a different brain
and he just doesn't get
it. So how much information
did you come with like
that you just absorbed and
how do you, how do
you feel about that? Yeah,
I think that our generation
is a little bit different.
I think usually how people
end up coming across ever
having program without knowing that
they were programming is like
via like my space and,
and Neo pets and stuff
like that. And like, that's
how, where I'm coming from.
My first introduction to any
type of coding or programming
was literally just copying, pasting,
HTML on my MySpace page
and like changing colors and
stuff like that. So I
think a lot of people
have come across programming like
that, but they don't know
what it is. They don't
have any context there, but
it's not intuitive because when
you go to school, it's
not that at all. You're
not doing HTML. You're not
creating web pages or anything
like that. You're okay. Like
how can you create a
software that is like, acts
like a bank account Stipe
type of thing like that,
or let's create a game
where you have two balls
and you need to hit
it against the wall. And
so it's very different. It's
not, it would be great
if it was something like,
okay, you use Facebook. So
how is Facebook made? But
it's, it's not like that.
I think that the main
point is like just kind
of learning the foundation without
really connecting it to how
they interact with technology every
day. So do you think
that classes in college even
today are just too abstract
because like you just said,
let's, let's dissect Facebook. Like
I could see an entire
class where you just like
hit F 12 tools in
the browser and just mess
around on Facebook. Like what's
going on here? That seems
like a cool class. You're
not taking that class. Nope.
I would. I would take
that class for sure. I
think at school there's and
there's so much stuff online,
like let's rebuild, rebuild Twitter
and stuff like that. And
there's so many online resources
like that, but classes really,
I think that's, that's something
that professors, especially because professors
tend to be older. They're
not necessarily dialed into that
space. They're not necessarily using
Facebook or Pinterest or Twitter
and stuff like that. So
they might necessarily not necessarily
get the value in that
and connecting students to say,
Hey, look, this is the
stuff you use every day.
You use apps, you use
these websites, you can actually
make it. And like, here's
how let's do this step
by step. It's more like,
okay, let's teach you the
foundation of programming. How do
you, you know, what's a
hash map and like, how
do you have a four
loop? And that's great. You
need that to be an
engineer, but that's just the
very beginning. That's just the
surface point. Isn't that? Where
we lose people though, because
like everything you were saying,
there was super interesting until
you said hash map. And
then I felt my inner
teenager be like, ah, you
know what I mean? Like,
I can just hear people
saying, how is this practical?
And like, and this is
where I think why we
end up with a certain
personality type in programming because
one kind of person was
like, Ooh, hash map. What's
that? And another one's like,
Oh man, that's really abstract.
Like, Yeah, it's very true.
I think that we miss
out on a lot of
people who probably would be
interested in programming, but there's,
the language is very abstract
and confusing and can be
just, you lose a lot
of people. I've tried to
get a lot of my
friends to take CS and
they just get really disinterested
because when they hear, when
I tell them, yeah, like
I make apps and like,
it's so fun, you should
definitely try it. You know,
you can make websites. And
then they take the class.
They're like, Oh, I thought
I was going to be
making apps and websites. So
that's my next question. You
that I'm trying to teach
my seven year old, how
to build some stuff. And
we sat down and you
know, we're on Skype. So
you can see me while
the people who are, are
listening. Can't we plugged in
a, what's called a photon
and an led. So we
made it. So you push
a button and a light
turns on, okay, this took
two hours. His attention span
is not two hours. So
I think that people come
into computer science thinking they're
going to build a game
in a week or two.
And they discover it's a
year long process. And they're
a little depressed about Yeah,
exactly. I mean, it's that
it's because technology is such
an instant thing, right? You
expect the process of learning
it to be instant as
well. That I didn't even
think about that because people
sit there and like pull
the refresh, boom. More likes
like app building should be
that fast. Exactly. And it's
not like that. I think
that that's, that's one reason
I've seen a lot of
people drop out of computer
science because it's such a
huge time commitment. You have,
you really have to spend
the time learning and constantly
building your skills, but most
people are don't really have
that attention span. Like you
said, Now you said that
you tried to get some
of your friends involved. Have
you had any successes? Yeah.
I actually have had some
successes. I've had, I have,
I'm a TA and a
section leader. I'm in the
computer science department. So I
lead some of the sections
for some of the intro
courses and some of the
upper level courses. And so
I've had success of people
sticking through it and like
just working with people, I
think it takes, you know,
it takes support and it,
you need sometimes that mentorship
really. So just trying to
support people and let them
know that yes, it's hard,
but they can still do
it. One of the tactics
that I've been taking and
I'm interested in, whether you
think it's a good idea
is to make it understood
to people that coding is
power. It is like it
is full on the power
to make the power to
change. Is that a something
that resonates with younger people?
I think it does. It
depends on the, it depends
on the person. I think
that everyone's in a different
stage in their life, especially
in college, everyone's at a
different stage, but for those
people who are really who
are really motivated and empowered
by the thought that, Hey,
you can build something and
you can launch it and
millions of people can be
using it. And you can
impact millions of people's lives
all over the world because
you know, technology is a
global, a global thing. I
think those people who are
motivated to kind of benefit
people's lives in a really
innovative way would definitely love
that. And that, for me,
that's why I love technology
so much because I feel
like whatever I build, whatever
I make, I can impact
people's lives all over almost
instantaneously. So that's a perfect
segue to kind of go
from where you started, which
was my space and hacking
your own pages, but you
didn't stay as a web
programmer, even though you have
a great webpage. And you've
got a really nice YouTube
channel called COVID  you
are mobile developer. Yes, I
am. I, I really love
mobile development for me. The
reason why is I started
out doing web development and
it was fun, but I
felt that when I started
doing mobile development, that I
actually was able to interact
with the users as I
was developing, not actually talking
to them, but as you're
developing for mobile, every step
of the way is you're
thinking about interactivity, right? Every
single, every single thing that
they're doing, the user is
interacting with the app. I
see every touch, every click
matters. Exactly everything matters. And
I felt like, wow, like
I'm, I feel like the
user as I'm making this.
And it was really cool
because I just didn't get
that with web development as
much. I just felt like
a lot of it was
kind of static. I didn't
feel like I was really
being engaged with what I
was doing, but when I
was doing mobile, I was
like, wow, like I'm thinking
about, they're going to click
here. They're going to do
this. They're going to input
here. And it was just
so interactive. Right? I think
mobile apps are expected to
be animated and, and have
a lot of motion and
a lot of movement while
I feel like there's websites
that are like brochures. Exactly.
And then there's like web
apps and a lot of
web apps. We don't see
them as users. You know,
we, a lot of web
apps where they're behind the
enterprise, they're behind a login.
Okay. So I thought that
Swift is the new hotness,
but you are not into
Swift. You do objective C
objective C is not exactly
a friendly looking language for
a new, No, not. So
I started iOS just when
Swift came out just after
kind of the announcements and
had started learning it and
everything. But weirdly enough, objective
C just, I, I love
it. I actually took a
class in C and I
was like, obsessed. I was
super hype about it. I
think for me, the reason
why I love it, objective
C is you really know
what's going on the entire
time. Right. You have to
really keep up with it.
There's no like you don't
with Swift and with some
other languages, similar like JavaScript
and Python, you can kind
of code and not really
know what you're doing. So
you don't know what's really
going on in the background.
You have no idea what
memory is like. You don't
know really what types you're,
you're playing around with. And
so I think with objective
C, because it's silver bros,
it forces you to really
know what you're doing at
every step of the way.
And I love that. I
love knowing what's going on
and really being intentional and
the things that I'm creating.
That's really interesting because that's
kind of the opposite of
what I hear from a
lot of younger developers. I
love that. You're saying all
of that, because that makes
you a plumber, right? Like
there are people who turn
the faucet and then there
are the people who know
what happens when you turn
the faucet. And you're saying
that you actually enjoy the
intentionality of that, which is
surprising to me. But, but,
but heartening also. Yeah, no,
I, I definitely do it.
And I agree. I have
our intro class at dharmas
and Python and people love
it because it's really easy
to learn. And then when
they get to the upper
level class, which is in
C, they kind of just
like, are just like, no,
I can't do this. This
is terrible. But I was
kind of the opposite, which
was really fun. I want
to take a second to
tell you about my sponsor
Reagan, if you want to
detect and diagnose errors and
crashes in your software and
even find problems that you
didn't know existed to improve
your software. And Reagan is
likely perfect for you. You
just add a few lines
of code your application, and
in minutes you get real
time error reports with all
the information that you need
to fix bugs fast, you
can even hook it up
to your team, chat, your
bug tracking and any other
development, workflow tools, Reagan covers
all major web and mobile
programming languages, including.net, the full
Xamarin stack, JavaScript, and many
more go check out gun
today@raygun.io. I even use it
myself on my little startup
and I really truly recommend
this product. It's a fantastic
product. Check it out, reagan@reagan.io.
So we hear this word
full stack developer all the
time. And I think it's
funny because full stack developer,
when people say it, they
mean like UI to database,
you know, but I kind
of like when I think
full stack developer, I'm like
all the way down to
the metal. Like I want
to know what's happening in
the registers in the processor.
Oh, wow. You know, how
far down do you typically
go in your classes? Cause
you've taken computational linguistics. You've
taken software design. Like you've
gone all the way down
to discreet math. Did you
spend any time in assembler
and things like that at
Dartmouth? So they don't teach
assembly anymore? I don't think,
I think maybe in maybe
some of the security classes,
they might do some assembly
I'm in the class that
I took that was in
C, which was software design
and implementation. We did talk
a little bit about assembly
about what happens when you
actually compiled C code. And
that was pretty cool, but
we actually don't get bare
bones that, that down into
it, there are some hardware
courses in the engineering department
you can probably take. But
for me, I think as
far as I like to
go is like databases. Okay.
So you got your internship
to, at Intuit and working
on mint as a part
of being a code 2040
fellow. Yes. Yes I did.
So code 2040 is an
organization that matches black and
Latino undergraduate or graduate computer
science students with internships in
Silicon Valley. So I wanted
to be a fellow really
bad, so they were able
to get into it on
as a partner. And it
was really, really exciting. So
they matched me and it
was really great. So talk
to me about like that
first day, right? Like you've
got all the computer science
in your brain, but I
assume that you've started to
figure out the difference between
computer science and software engineering.
Yeah. I was pretty nervous.
I think that I had
an internship last summer as
well, actually, but it was
different because I was doing
a solo project. So I
was, I wasn't working with
a team, so I really
could kind of just do
whatever I, there was no
code reviews, but it was
a great experience. It was
just very different and knew
coming in to Intuit. I
was going to have code
reviews. I was going to
be on a team. I
was going to be responsible
for a lot. And I
was going to have to
learn from a huge code
base that already existed. So
I think for me, I
was pretty nervous, but luckily
the team that I'm on
is really amazing and they
were just so helpful and
welcoming through that process of
learning the code base. I
think a lot of times
what I found is like
I was getting ready to
create something and it already
existed. So just understanding what's
there and what is it?
So would you agree that
to be a good programmer
is less about writing code
and more about learning to
read? Oh, yes. For sure.
Honestly, I'm like, you're going
to write code a lot
of code, but yes, a
lot of times, especially when
you're working on an existing
project, you're going to have
to go through other people's
code and understand it. And
that's so important. I think
one of the reasons I
love being a TA and
being a section leader is
I grade code. And so
I'm constantly learning how to
understand different types of people's
coding styles. And that's so
important when I've gotten to
the work world. It's my
actually I think onboarding and
understanding the code base happens
so much faster because I
was just so much so
used to reading other people's
code. If you wouldn't mind,
give me an idea of
a kind of task that
you know, you're a couple,
I'm imagining a while back,
you're a couple of weeks
into it. You started to
get a general sense and
then someone assigns you a
task. Are they using scrum?
Is there a sprint? Are
they giving you a couple
of weeks to solve the
problem? Yeah, so we work
on script. We, we were
doing the scrum system. We
also work on sprints. So
we have like two week
sprints where you'll have tasks
that you are assigned and
you need to get done
and daily scrums to keep
you accountable, to make sure
that you're doing the work.
And when I first started
off, I was getting a
lot of bug fixes, right.
So really getting in understanding
how to interact with the
code, how to fix little
things. And then like once
I, once I got past
that point and they saw
that I was really capable
of doing more, I started
working on feature additions and
working on new stuff. That's
going to be in the
app. Okay. And are you
doing everything from the back
end? All the way up
through interaction stuff. And like,
like, like a bug might
be that this button didn't
do what I expect it
to do or is it
air handling? What kind of
stuff you do? Yeah. I'm
not doing any backend stuff.
So they, how they have
it separate, there's like a
whole platform team that does
a lot of the server
and in the database side
stuff. And then for us,
we're mainly doing the interaction
and the front end work
and seeing how the user
is going to engage with
it. And that's all done
in objective C like you
said. Yes. Yes. And it's,
I've, I've have gotten to
interact with Swift a little
bit. What, what they're doing
over here is that if
there's anything new created, it's
going to be in Swift,
but anything old is, may
maintain an objective C and
I've seen a lot of
other teams do that as
well. And it's actually really
cool. So you get to
interact with both because there
are lots of, you're allowed
to combine objective C and
Swift. So it's like a
good way to kind of
slowly move towards Swift. Can
you ha I mean, I
don't Know much about this.
Can you have an app
that has a little bit
of objective C and Swift
combined in the same app?
Yep. Yup. You can interchange
between objective C and Swift.
I think that's a really
cool thing that they've done
and it's really easy to
kind of use functions and
things and methods and classes
that you have in objective
C in your Swift code.
Okay, cool. So you not
only work on the mint
iOS team as an intern,
but you also have your
own app in the app
store. Do you have more
than one app in the
app store? No. I just
have one currently. And your
app is a book resource
application called we read two.
And what are you wrote
that in objectives in objective
C as well? I wrote
that in an objective. See,
I've been thinking about migrating
it to Swift, but for
now, like right now, the
maintenance and everything is an
objective And your app right
now, which is an amazing,
this is an amazing accomplishment.
Has four, has five star
rankings, which means that you
either have a lot of
really happy users or a
lot of really cool friends
because I don't see a
lot of five star apps.
Yeah. I hope it's a
little bit of both. So
talk to me about this
app and how you wrote
it and what the back
end for that is. Cause
you did the full app
from design all the way
to the backend. Yeah, it
was, it was a cool,
really cool process because I
had to do everything. So
the app itself is a
book resource application. That's kind
of like a book directory
of children's and young adult
books, all written by authors
of color. And I created
it because I've always been
a book junkie. I love
reading, I love learning. But
as I got older, I
saw that a lot of
the books that I was
reading, or even being marketed
to me as a teen
and a young person, they
didn't really have characters that
represented me. So there was
no black female characters who
are like nerdy and I'm
always doing things that I
did. So I felt that
there had to be those
books out there, but it's
just hard to find them.
So I created this resource
so that hopefully there's a
central location here for people
to find these apps, these
books. And is that this
is curated by you. Yeah.
It's curated by me. So
it took a lot of
research. I did about like
a month where I was
just looking for these books
and gathering them and, you
know, making sure I wanted
to make sure the authors
were people of color as
well. So that they're writing
from, from their own like
culture and experiences. So it
took a long time to
kind of curate the book.
So is the list static
or does it pull from
a backend service? It pulls
from backend. So I'm using
parts as the backend and
it was actually so, so
great to use parts because
I didn't have too much
experience in databases and backend
work, but it really made,
they really make, make it
easy to understand how to
integrate with the backend. Their
SDK for iOS is really
good. So I put all
the books up on there
and it's pulling it's nice.
So anytime I add a
book, you can just reload
and it will be right
there. Yeah. Backend as a
service. I think they call
that. Right. So you don't
even have to think about
the database at all. No,
I understand that you're struggling
with one aspect of the
iPhone store right now, even
though this is a book
for kids, it says that
the iPhone people are insisting
that you must be 17
year olds to download this
app. And that's kind of
one of the things you
have to deal with when
you have a kind of
a garden, a walled garden,
like the security guard, what's
the deal with that? So
I was really disappointed in
that I had to rate
it so high because it,
it made some parents weary
of it. They were like,
wait, why is this operated
17? And up, is there
like something in there that
my kitchen see? And really,
it's not. It's just because
when you go to any
of the books, you can
see the Safari page. You
can just go straight to
the Amazon page of the
book. And because I allow
you that kind of undirected
access to Safari, they rated
the app 17 plus, which
I understand because parents don't
necessarily want their kids having
access to the internet just
without their guidance. But it
was kind of disappointed because
it is an app that
I want teens and kids
to be able to, you
know, look for books when
they're in the library and
stuff like that, or in
the bookstore. All right. Have
you thought about ways to
get around that? Like, can
you, do you jump, do
you launch into Safari or
do you have like a
constrained web view that you
can prevent them from going
places that they shouldn't go?
Yeah, so I, it's funny
when I actually first made
the app, I had a
web view inside the application
and it was, so it
didn't allow you to go
into Safari. It was just
straight web view, but my
I've got rejected because of
that. They don't allow you
because it's Amazon, you can
buy from, from the Safari
page. And technically that's like
in app purchasing, so, Oh
man. Yeah, that sucks. They
just make us jump through
so many hoops. Yep. Yup.
I mean, it's, it's a
great, it's, it's interesting process
to, you know, go through
the whole review and Seminole
process. It, it actually caused
me to really think a
lot about kind of what,
what I was making and
like how it was going
to get it out there.
So speaking of being out
there, in addition to all
this different stuff that you're
doing, you're going to school,
you're working at Intuit, you're
doing an app on the
side. You also have a
YouTube channel called code with
Kira. You've got tutorials and
blogs and resources and stuff
like that. How do you,
what do you think is
driving you to, to be
so I dunno, just like
public and gregarious. Like some
people just code and they
do their thing and they
go home. Why are you
so excited about this? That
you just, it seems like
you're overflowing with enthusiasm about,
about software. No, I, I
really love it. I think
for me, the reason why
I've kind of made the
intention of being so out
there and public with the
work that I'm doing is
because I want other, I
want other young people, especially
young people of color to
really see that this is
something that they can be
excited about. And like, if
you're excited about technology, if
you're excited about nerdy things
and you want to create,
like, don't be ashamed, like
go for it, do do
it. And like, if you
have an idea, just try
to learn as much as
you can and make it.
And I think that's why
I've really been passionate about
trying to get myself out
there and try to have
resources for people to understand
that they can do, they
can make the things that
they use every day. I
think that for me, it
was really transformative to start
making technology because I've always
been so obsessed with technology
my entire life. I've loved
it so much now that
I'm actually creating that same
technology. I just really feel
so powerful. And I want
everyone else to really, especially
young people of color to
really feel that too. I
want them to feel empowered.
You did a really great
article. You wrote an article
for a website called model
view culture. And we actually
had them on the podcast
before called where are the
women in color hackers in
movies? And, you know, I
think that as you know,
I was a random white
guy. I don't really think
about it when a bunch
of random white guys do
something cool movie, but you
call it a really interesting
example in the movie, the
fast and the furious where
they're looking for this like
mysterious hacker and the mysterious
hacker ended up being. So
it was crazy. I was
watching the movie and I
wasn't really that to engage
in the movie. I was
kind of bored with it.
And then they're talking about
this hacker and they started
talking about this really cool,
like bio hack security technology
that she, that this person
had made. And then they,
they go and find the
person and it turns out
it's a black woman. And
that just blew my mind.
I never saw in like
a movie, especially like a
black woman, hacker created the
software that just like was
central in the whole film.
It really made me so
happy. And I was like
with my friends and I'm
getting all giddy and they're
all laughing. Well, certainly you,
you, you, you kind of
sat up and you're like,
wait a second. I am
engaged in this video. Exactly.
All of a sudden I
was so excited for the
movie. And like, I was
like, Oh my God. Like,
all my friends were like,
wow, of course, like guys
freaking out about this. Cause
they know like I'm a
computer science freak. So it
was so fun. Well, and
I think what's cool about
that was that then Tyrese
who's in fast and furious
seven says, well, you're not
what a hacker supposed to
look like. Yeah. It was
just really like weird conversation
they end up having. So
after they captured her or
found her or whatever, Tyrese
is like your cause, like
he's attracted to her. So
he's like, you're not what
a hacker looks like. You
like, you should, you shouldn't
be behind a computer. You
should be like, my girlfriend
basically, like that's basically what
he was saying. But then
ludicrous, his character actually stood
up for her and was
like, wait, like, cause he
is also playing like a
computer hacker guy. And like,
he was like, wait, so
what does a hacker supposed
to look like? And I
think it was a really,
really cool, I don't know
if the audience really caught
it or I feel like
anyone in tech would probably
catch that and be like,
feel like, Whoa, like, you
know, meaningful though, isn't it?
Yeah. It was really meaningful
to me because it's like,
it kind of went against
the stereotype. It was like,
Hey look, anyone could be
in hacker. Like it's not
about usually in movies. It's
usually like a 16 year
old white guy. And like,
and that's fine, but it
was really great that they
had this kind of contrary
and this dip disrupting the
stereotype. Yup. Yup. Definitely. It
doesn't, it doesn't hurt anybody
to be a little bit
more inclusive and a little
bit more representative with things
like this. Have you watched
the show mr. Robot? No,
I haven't. Okay. So this
is, this is good because
now I get to do
this publicly because you know,
when you love something and
you're, you're a nerd, right?
So then you want to
share it with people and
you find something amazing. Not
only do you want to
share with people, but you
want to like sit with
them and watch them, watch
that thing. Right. So I'm
ready to like, you need
to watch mr. Robot. Okay.
You call me. I will
watch you watch mr. Robot.
Okay, great. Okay. And then
when you have a really
great experience, what you think,
Oh my, and then you
look, you look around like,
Oh my goodness, did you
see that? I will be
there? I know Mr. Robot
is just really great hacker
show on USA. And it's,
it has a lot of
really fully fleshed out characters.
And there's one woman, who's
a hijabi, who's a hacker
and she's not a terrorist.
Oh my God. Actual human
being. She just happens to
be a hijabi. And she's
part of the larger hacker
culture. And the hacker group
is run by a woman.
So it looks like a
bunch of our nerdy friends.
And That is awesome. I'm
definitely interested in watching that.
And the best part about
it is that all the
hacks they do are actually
legit hacks. Like it's not
like scorpion. It's not like
fake hacks. You see what
I'm saying? Like they want
to figure out how to
break into a, a building
and mess with the environmental
controls. So they actually code
and create an raspberry PI
thing. And then they connect
the raspberry PI. They connect
the raspberry PI to the
environmental controls to bring the
temperature up to like burn
the backups. Okay. That is
something I definitely have to
see because one thing I've
seen in every movie that
like has a hacker or
anything about computer science, it's
never real actual coding or
computer science, but usually you're
just like furiously typing and
then like something happens, Oh
gosh. Or they have like
two keyboards. And like one
guy is like moving his
hands up and down, typing
on two keyboards. And then
there's that whole legendary scene
from CSI where the girl
is like, I'm gonna make
a gooey with visual basic
to track the bad guys.
And you just, you, you
literally like hurt yourself face
palming. I know. Cause it's
not realistic at all. That's
that show sounds awesome. I'll
definitely go it. So that's
the school you're going to
like mr. Robot. The best
thing about mr. Robot is
that the titles are actually
like the names of torrents.
So it's like the name
of the show, like episode
zero is like called like
view source.mq. Oh my gosh.
That is, that is Spread
the word around, around into
it and around Dartmouth, I
will, for sure. Very cool.
And we will keep spreading
the word about some of
the great stuff that you're
doing and people can find
you@kaiathomas.com I think, right. Don't
you have that redirecting.info.info. And
that goes up to your
GitHub page. And also congratulations
on being featured in a
lot of news reports on
the recent meme. I look
like an engineer. Oh, thank
you so much. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.